Chore/contributing guidelines (#5)
americanexpress/lumberjack: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Provide an example

Please include a snippets of the code of the new feature.

### Describe the suggested enhancement

A clear and concise description of the enhancement to be added include a step-by-step guide if applicable.
Add any other context or screenshots or animated GIFs about the feature request

### Describe alternatives you've considered

A clear and concise description of any alternative solutions or features you've considered.

## Reporting bugs

All issues are submitted within GitHub issues. Please check this before submitting a new issue.

### Describe the bug

A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

### Provide step-by-step guide on how to reproduce the bug

Steps to reproduce the behavior, please provide code snippets or a link to repository

### Expected behavior

Please provide a description of the expected behavior

### Screenshots

If applicable, add screenshots or animated GIFs to help explain your problem.

### System information

Provide the system information which is not limited to the below:

- Browser (if applies) [e.g. chrome, safari]
- Version of lumberjack: [e.g. 5.0.0]

> - Node version:[e.g 10.15.1]

Reviewer: OS?

# Contributing to lumberjack

✨ Thank you for taking the time to contribute to this project ✨

## 📖 Table of Contents

* [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
* [Developing](#developing)
* [Submitting a new feature](#submitting-a-new-feature)
* [Reporting bugs](#reporting-bugs)
* [Contributing](#getting-in-contact)
* [Coding conventions](#coding-conventions)

## Code of Conduct

This project adheres to the American Express [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By contributing, you are expected to honor these guidelines.

## Developing

### Installation

1. Fork the repository `lumberjack` to your GitHub account.
2. Afterwards run the following commands in your terminal

    ```bash
    $ git clone https://github.com/<your-github-username>/lumberjack
    $ cd lumberjack
    ```

   > replace `your-github-username` with your github username

3. Install the dependencies by running

    ```bash

>     $ cd npm install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ npm install
```

    ```

4. You can now run any of these scripts from the root folder.

#### Generating build files

`npm run build`

Builds the module into the `lib` folder.

#### Running tests

`npm test`

Runs `eslint` **and** unit tests on the current branch.

`npm posttest`

> Runs linting on the current branch and checks that the commits follow [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runs linting on the current branch and verifies that the `package-lock.json` file includes public NPM registry URLs.
```
